The Navy is pretty diverse. I think it also depends on which location
you're in, because people tend to go back to where they come from. So
let's say South Carolina which is very white then it probably has
a higher percentage of white people there. In California, which is very
very diverse, then you have a lot more of a diverse mix there you
know so, but despite that wherever there's a military town, it's much
more diverse than the outlying area by far so you don't really have
to worry about being in a select group in the military, it's it's
all over the place. So I think from what I saw, there's, percentages
would probably go maybe five percent Filipino, maybe ten percent
black, maybe fifty percent white, twenty percent Asian, and then the
rest is a kind of mix. But like I said it really depends on what your
rate is. For maybe the higher level rates, it tends to be mostly
white and Asian, and it also depends on which city you live in, for
there's people that want to come back to live around their family.